feat: allow configuration of ACME certificates duration (#8046)
traefik/traefik: docs/content/https/ref-acme.txt

#
--certificatesresolvers.myresolver.acme.caserver=https://acme-staging-v02.api.letsencrypt.org/directory

> # The number of hours left on a certificate before its expiry to renew it.
> # By default, 30 days.
> #
> # Optional
> # Default: 720
> --certificatesresolvers.myresolver.acme.renewBeforeExpiry=720
> 
> # Frequency in which Traefik will check if issued certificates are due for renewal, expressed in hours.
> # By default, 24 hours.
> #
> # Optional
> # Default: 24
> --certificatesresolvers.myresolver.acme.expirationCheckInterval=24
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Time left on a certificate before we renew it.
# By default, 30 days.
#
# Optional
# Default: 720h
--certificatesresolvers.myresolver.acme.renewBeforeExpiry=720h

# Time remaining before the certificate expiration when Traefik will try to renew it.
# By default, 24 hours.
#
# Optional
# Default: 24h
--certificatesresolvers.myresolver.acme.expirationCheckInterval=24h

```
